---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "polytomic_salesforce_connection Resource - terraform-provider-polytomic"
subcategory: "Connections"
description: |-
  Salesforce Connection
---

# polytomic_salesforce_connection (Resource)

Salesforce Connection

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "polytomic_salesforce_connection" "salesforce" {
  name = "example"
  configuration = {
    client_id           = "a45gadsfdsaf47byor2ugfbhsgllpf12gf56gfds"
    client_secret       = "ay8d5hdepz62px8lqeoakuea2ccl4rxm13i6tbyorxhu1i20kc8ruvksmzxq"
    connect_mode        = "api"
    domain              = "http://instance.my.salesforce.com"
    oauth_refresh_token = "dasfdasz62px8lqeoakuea2ccl4rxm13i6tbyorxhu1i20kc8ruvksmzxq"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `force_destroy` (Boolean) Indicates whether dependent models, syncs, and bulk syncs should be cascade deleted when this connection is destroy. This only deletes other resources when the connection is destroyed, not when setting this parameter to `true`. Once this parameter is set to `true`, there must be a successful `terraform apply` run before a destroy is required to update this value in the resource state. Without a successful `terraform apply` after this parameter is set, this flag will have no effect. If setting this field in the same operation that would require replacing the connection or destroying the connection, this flag will not work. Additionally when importing a connection, a successful `terraform apply` is required to set this value in state before it will take effect on a destroy operation.
- `organization` (String) Organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Salesforce Connection identifier

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `domain` (String) The Salesforce instance's login domain, e.g. acmecorp.my.salesforce.com

Optional:

- `connect_mode` (String) Default: browser (i.e. oauth through Polytomic). If 'code' is specified, the response will include an auth_code for the user to enter when completing authorization. NOTE: when supplying client_id and client_secret the connect mode must be 'api'.
- `daily_api_calls` (Number) The daily Salesforce API call cap that Polytomic should adhere to.
- `enable_multicurrency_lookup` (Boolean) If incremenetal mode for bulk-syncing from Salesforce formula fields is enabled, setting this to true extends support to accurate currency conversions.
- `enable_tooling` (Boolean) If true, expose objects from the Salesforce Tooling API in the Polytomic bulk sync source object list.
- `enforce_api_limits` (Boolean) If true, Polytomic will restrict itself to a fixed daily cap of Salesforce API calls enforced by the number in daily_api_calls.
- `oauth_refresh_token` (String, Sensitive)
- `username` (String)


