---
page_title: "polytomic_sftp_connection Resource - terraform-provider-polytomic"
subcategory: "Connections"
description: |-
  SFTP Connection
---

# polytomic_sftp_connection (Resource)

SFTP Connection

For detailed configuration guidance, see the [SFTP connection guide](https://apidocs.polytomic.com/guides/configuring-your-connections/connections/sftp).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "polytomic_sftp_connection" "sftp" {
  name = "example"
  configuration = {
    auth_mode = "private_key"
    path      = "/path/to/files"
    ssh_host  = "sftp.example.net"
    ssh_user  = "user"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `force_destroy` (Boolean) Indicates whether dependent models, syncs, and bulk syncs should be
cascade-deleted when this connection is destroyed.

  This only deletes other resources when the connection is destroyed, not when
setting this parameter to `true`. Once this parameter is set to `true`, there
must be a successful `terraform apply` run before a destroy is required to
update this value in the resource state. Without a successful `terraform apply`
after this parameter is set, this flag will have no effect. If setting this
field in the same operation that would require replacing the connection or
destroying the connection, this flag will not work. Additionally when importing
a connection, a successful `terraform apply` is required to set this value in
state before it will take effect on a destroy operation.
- `organization` (String) Organization ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) SFTP Connection identifier

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `auth_mode` (String) Authentication Method

Valid values:
  - "private_key" - Private key
  - "password" - Password

Default: private_key.

Example: private_key.

Optional:

- `is_single_table` (Boolean) Files are time-based snapshots

    Treat the files as a single table.
- `path` (String) The path to the directory on the SFTP server containing the files.

Example: /path/to/files.
- `single_table_name` (String) Collection name
- `skip_lines` (Number) Skip first lines

    Skip first N lines of each CSV file.

Default: 0.
- `ssh_host` (String) Host

Example: sftp.example.net.
- `ssh_password` (String, Sensitive) Password
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port

Default: 22.

Example: 22.
- `ssh_private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private key
- `ssh_user` (String) User

Example: user.
